This folder contains all Python code related to this project. The process of writing Python code generally follows the following 4-step process:

1. **Ideation**: An idea is brainstormed and honed using a pen and paper.
2. **Prototyping**: Once an idea is refined enough, it is prototyped and informally tested using a [Jupyter notebook](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/#what-is-a-notebook). All notebooks live inside the `notebooks` folder as `.ipynb` files. If the idea seems promising enough and is likely to be used extensively in the future, then move on to step 3. Otherwise, the idea remains in the notebook it was prototyped in and is not pursued any further.
3. **Functionalization and Testing**: Assuming that an idea is promising and will be repeatedly used again in future work, then its notebook implementation should be rigorously tested to ensure correctness. This is achieved by transforming the code corresponding to the idea in the notebook that it lives in inside the `notebook` directory into a function that lives in a file inside the [`local_lib/local_lib`](local_lib/local_lib/) directory. Additionally, a set of tests are created for this function inside a newly-created file in the [`local_lib/tests`](local_lib/tests/) directory.
4. **Scripting**: Finally, given that the idea has been transformed into a well-tested function, this function is used inside a Python script that lives inside a `.py` file under the [`scripts`](scripts/) directory.

This project uses `pytest` by default to run the tests inside the `local_lib/tests` directory. To run these tests, `cd` into the `src` directory (the same directory that this README file is in), optionally run `poetry shell` to activate the environment, and then run `pytest`.

Finally, it is highly recommended that you use the [`ruff` formatter](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/) when writing Python code. Additionally, the [`ruff` VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=charliermarsh.ruff) is very helpful for automating formatting tasks.